Compliance checklist
To review compliance regulations and standards, read the controls, frameworks, and compliance document.


* The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission - North American Electric Reliability Corporation (FERC-NERC)
The FERC-NERC regulation applies to organizations that work with electricity or that are involved with the U.S. and North American power grid. Organizations have an obligation to prepare for, mitigate, and report any potential security incident that can negatively affect the power grid. Organizations are legally required to adhere to the Critical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standards (CIP) defined by the FERC. 
Explanation: 
* General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
GDPR is a European Union (E.U.) general data regulation that protects the processing of E.U. citizens’ data and their right to privacy in and out of E.U. territory. Additionally, if a breach occurs and a E.U. citizen’s data is compromised, they must be informed within 72 hours of the incident.
Explanation: Since the manager is interested in ensuring that they comply with regulations related to accepting online payments and conducting business in the E.U. They will need to adhere to the GDPR.
* Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
PCI DSS is an international security standard meant to ensure that organizations storing, accepting, processing, and transmitting credit card information do so in a secure environment. 
Explanation: Botium Toys has one physical location and has an online presence where users can buy and sell the assumption is they are transmitting credit card information so they will need to adhere to the PCI DSS requirements.
* The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
HIPAA is a federal law established in 1996 to protect U.S. patients’ health information. This law prohibits patient information from being shared without their consent. Organizations have a legal obligation to inform patients of a breach. 
Explanation: 
* System and Organizations Controls (SOC type 1, SOC type 2)
The SOC1 and SOC2 are a series of reports that focus on an organization’s user access policies at different organizational levels. They are used to assess an organization’s financial compliance and levels of risk. They also cover confidentiality, privacy, integrity, availability, security, and overall data safety. Control failures in these areas can lead to fraud.
Explanation: Since there are access policies at different organization levels reports will need to be generated and used to assess an organization’s financial compliance and levels of risks therefore Botium Toys will need to adhere to the System and Organization Controls requirements.